SPFx is not supposed to be used for branding (#3075)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/branding-sharepoint-online-sites-modern-experience.md

| Classic experience | Modern experience |
|:-----|:-----|
|Unresponsive, OOB themes that you can customize|Responsive themes that look great on any device and can be customized to match your brand|

> |Use custom master pages and CSS that are ignored in the modern experience|Use the [SharePoint Framework](/sharepoint/dev/spfx/sharepoint-framework-overview) to add header and footer. Site templates and tenant settings offer some custom options|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Use custom master pages and CSS that are ignored in the modern experience|Use the [SharePoint Framework](/sharepoint/dev/spfx/sharepoint-framework-overview) to add headers and footers. Site templates and tenant settings offer some custom options|
```
